README.md, before:

# Multiplayer Mirror
🙋‍♂️ **Beat Saber mod that adds mirror options for your multiplayer avatar.**

Do you want to see if you look as cool in multiplayer as you think you do? Have you ever wanted to kiss your own avatar? This may be the mod for you!

![Multiplayer Mirror](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6772638/134828025-110bb154-d1ad-4efe-8fed-fa8c97fd7dfb.png)

## Features
MultiplayerMirror adds options for mirroring your own avatar while in multiplayer.

These effects are only visible to you. They work on any multiplayer server and lobby type.

You can toggle these options in the mod's gameplay modifiers panel (on the left, under *Mods* → *Multiplayer Mirror*).

#### Toggle Lobby Mirror
Show a mirror avatar of yourself in the lobby.

#### Enable Self Hologram
When you're in 1st place during gameplay, show a mirror hologram of yourself.

#### Force show Self Hologram
Always show a mirror hologram of yourself during gameplay, no matter what place you're in.

## Installation
Download the mod and place it in your Beat Saber `Plugins` folder.

### Download
You can download the [**✅ Latest Stable Release**](https://github.com/roydejong/BeatSaberMultiplayerMirror/releases/latest) or [**🔧 Development Build**](https://github.com/roydejong/BeatSaberMultiplayerMirror/actions/workflows/dotnet.yml?query=is%3Asuccess+branch%3Amain) from GitHub.

### Requirements
- Beat Saber 1.18.0 or compatible
- BSIPA 4.2.0
- BeatSaberMarkupLanguage 1.5.8

Commit message:

docs: explain invert feature, usage notes, cleanup

README.md, after:

# Multiplayer Mirror
🙋‍♂️ **Beat Saber mod that adds mirror options for your multiplayer avatar.**

Do you want to see if you look as cool in multiplayer as you think you do? Have you ever wanted to kiss your own avatar? This may be the mod for you!

![Multiplayer Mirror](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6772638/134828025-110bb154-d1ad-4efe-8fed-fa8c97fd7dfb.png)

## Features
MultiplayerMirror adds options for mirroring your own avatar while in multiplayer.

These effects are only visible to you. They work on any multiplayer server and lobby type.

You can toggle these options in the mod's gameplay modifiers panel (on the left, under *Mods* → *Multiplayer Mirror*).

#### Toggle Lobby Mirror
Show a mirror avatar of yourself in the lobby.

#### Enable Self Hologram
When you're in 1st place during gameplay, show a mirror hologram of yourself.

#### Force show Self Hologram
Always show a mirror hologram of yourself during gameplay, no matter what place you're in.

#### Invert mirror
If enabled, flip left/right positions, like on the results screen. Affects both the lobby and hologram mirrors. 

## Installation
Download the mod, and place `MultiplayerMirror.dll` in your Beat Saber `Plugins` folder.

### Download
You can download the [**✅ Latest Stable Release**](https://github.com/roydejong/BeatSaberMultiplayerMirror/releases/latest) or a [**☠ Development Build**](https://github.com/roydejong/BeatSaberMultiplayerMirror/actions/workflows/dotnet.yml?query=is%3Asuccess+branch%3Amain) from GitHub.

### Requirements
- Beat Saber 1.18.0 or compatible
- Mods installed with [Mod Assistant](https://github.com/Assistant/ModAssistant):
  - BSIPA 4.2.0+
  - BeatSaberMarkupLanguage 1.5.8+

## Usage notes
- Hologram mirror does not currently work on Duels (1v1 games)
- This mod's features, when enabled, will override and ignore MultiplayerExtension's "Hologram" toggle
